##### Long passage

title: "The Great Barrier Reef",
content: "The Great Barrier Reef, located off the coast of Queensland in northeastern Australia, is the world's largest coral reef system. Composed of over 2,900 individual reefs and 900 islands stretching for over 2,300 kilometers, it can be seen from outer space and is often considered one of the seven natural wonders of the world.\n\nThe reef supports a wide diversity of life, including many vulnerable or endangered species. It is home to 1,500 species of fish, 400 species of hard coral, one-third of the world's soft corals, 134 species of sharks and rays, six of the world's seven species of threatened marine turtles, and more than 30 species of marine mammals.\n\nHowever, the Great Barrier Reef faces numerous threats. Climate change is causing ocean temperatures to rise, leading to coral bleaching. Pollution, coastal development, and overfishing also pose significant challenges to the reef's health. Conservation efforts are ongoing, but the future of this incredible ecosystem remains uncertain.",

##### Long passage with abc

title: "The History of Tea",
subtitle: 'Brian Southwell looks at how human brains verify information and discusses some of the challenges of battling widespread falsehoods',
content: "Tea has been consumed for thousands of years, originating in ancient China. Legend has it that Emperor Shen Nong discovered tea when leaves from a wild tree blew into his pot of boiling water. From this accidental beginning, tea has become one of the most popular beverages in the world.\n\nTea spread from China to other parts of Asia, and eventually to Europe and the Americas. Different cultures developed their own unique tea traditions and ceremonies. For example, the Japanese tea ceremony is a cultural activity involving the ceremonial preparation and presentation of matcha, powdered green tea.\n\nToday, tea is grown in many countries and comes in countless varieties. From black and green teas to oolong and white teas, each type has its own distinct flavor profile and potential health benefits. Scientists have studied tea extensively and found that it contains antioxidants which may help prevent certain diseases.",
paragraphs: {
          "A": "Tea has been consumed for thousands of years, originating in ancient China. Legend has it that Emperor Shen Nong discovered tea when leaves from a wild tree blew into his pot of boiling water. From this accidental beginning, tea has become one of the most popular beverages in the world.",
          "B": "Tea spread from China to other parts of Asia, and eventually to Europe and the Americas. Different cultures developed their own unique tea traditions and ceremonies. For example, the Japanese tea ceremony is a cultural activity involving the ceremonial preparation and presentation of matcha, powdered green tea.",
          "C": "Today, tea is grown in many countries and comes in countless varieties. From black and green teas to oolong and white teas, each type has its own distinct flavor profile and potential health benefits. Scientists have studied tea extensively and found that it contains antioxidants which may help prevent certain diseases."
        },